Here follows the abstract of a scientific paper recently published atbioRxiv
(http://biorxiv.org/cgi/content/short/2023.02.14.528217v1?rss=1):

SCN2A encodes
Nav1.2, an excitatory neuron voltage-gated sodium channel and major monogenic
cause of neurodevelopmental disorders, including developmental and epileptic
encephalopathies (DEE) and autism. Clinical presentation and pharmocosensitivity
vary with nature of SCN2A variant dysfunction with gain-of-function (GoF) cases
presenting with pre- or peri-natal seizures and loss-of-function (LoF) patients
typically having infantile spasms after 6 months of age. Here, we established
and assessed patient induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) - derived neuronal
models for two recurrent SCN2A DEE variants with GoF R1882Q and LoF R853Q
associated with early- and late-onset DEE, respectively. Patient-derived iPSC
lines were differentiated using a Neurogenin-2 overexpression yielding
populations of cortical-like glutamatergic neurons. Electrophysiological and
transcriptomic profiles were assessed after 2-4 weeks in culture. Increased
neuronal activity at both cellular and network level was observed for R1882Q
iPSC-derived neurons at three weeks of differentiation. In contrast, R853Q
neurons showed only subtle changes in excitability after four weeks in vitro. In
alignment with the reported efficacy in some GoF SCN2A patients, phenytoin
(sodium channel blocker) reduced excitability of neurons to the control levels
in R1882Q neuronal cultures. Transcriptomic alterations in neurons were detected
for each variant and convergent pathways pointed at the shared mechanisms
underlying SCN2A DEE.

Based on the above abstract, can you write a text in the
literary style of surrealism, where the text has stylistic qualities best
described as zesty and hissing, and which also somehow includes a stethoscope
and a banjo multiple times in the discussion?

Interpretation of "text-
davinci-003":


Once upon a time, in a magical realm of perception, there lived
a creature of extraordinary sight. It had the power to witness the movement of
unseen forces in the natural world, to track them like the wind through a
forest, and to understand the secrets of how things moved and interacted in
nature.

This creature, which was known as the Seer, was so powerful that it
even possessed the astonishing ability to foretell the motion of objects in
seemingly random animations. The Seer used its powers to measure the optical
flows that people perceived when watching realistic movies.

To measure the
perceived motion of an object, the Seer would flash a small dot on the screen
during the presentation of a brief movie clip. Then it asked observers to adjust
the speed and direction of a matching random-noise stimulus so as to reproduce
the vector at the point where the dot had appeared. When the observers had done
this, the Seer could then compare the perceived vector to ground truths and
model predictions in order to understand the underlying neural and computational
mechanisms of visual motion perception.

Remarkably, the Seer was able to not
only accurately estimate the perceived flow of an object, but also to identify
the unique ways in which this perception was distorted, known as 'flow
illusions'. For instance, the Seer discovered that some illusions could be
attributed to factors such as spatiotemporal pooling and signal loss, whilst
others reflected more complex considerations that could not be precisely
predicted by existing flow estimation models.

By wielding its power of
perception, the Seer was able to reveal the extraordinary capabilities of human
motion perception, and in doing so, prove the efficacy of its novel method for
measuring optical flows. Its wisdom would soon become so powerful that it could
be used to interpret even the most complex of natural scenes, like a hairbrush,
a barometer and even a moonbeam. The Seer's wisdom would revolutionize our
understanding of visual motion perception and be forever remembered