Here follows the abstract of a scientific paper recently published atbioRxiv
(http://biorxiv.org/cgi/content/short/2023.02.14.528559v1?rss=1):

Background:
Brain edema is a common complication of brain metastases (BM) and associated
treatment. The extent to which cytotoxic edema, the first step in the sequence
that leads to ionic edema, vasogenic edema and brain swelling, contributes to
radiation-induced brain edema during BM remains unknown. This study aimed to
determine whether radiation-associated treatment of BM induces cytotoxic edema
and the consequences of blocking the edema in pre-clinical models of breast
cancer brain metastases (BCBM). Methods: Using in vitro and in vivo models, we
measured astrocytic swelling, trans-electric resistance (TEER) and aquaporin 4
(AQP4) expression following radiation. Genetic and pharmacological inhibition of
AQP4 in astrocytes and cancer cells was used to assess the role of AQP4 in
astrocytic swelling and brain water intake. An anti-epileptic drug that blocks
AQP4 function (topiramate) was used to prevent cytotoxic edema in models of BM.
Results: Radiation-induced astrocytic swelling and transient upregulation of
AQP4 within the first 24 hours following radiation. Topiramate decreased
radiation-induced astrocytic swelling, loss of TEER in astrocytes in vitro, and
acute short term treatment (but not continuous administration), prevented
radiation-induced increase in brain water content without pro-tumorigenic
effects in multiple pre-clinical models of BCBM. AQP4 was expressed in clinical
BM and breast cancer cell lines, but AQP4 targeting had limited direct pro-
tumorigenic or radioprotective effects in cancer cells that could impact its
clinical translation. Conclusions: Patients with BM could find additional
benefits from acute and temporary preventive treatment of radiation-induced
cytotoxic edema using anti-epileptic drugs able to block AQP4 function.

Based
on the above abstract, can you write a text in the literary style of surrealism,
where the text has stylistic qualities best described as billowing and
serpentine, and which also somehow includes a mandolin and a traffic light
multiple times in the discussion?

Interpretation of "text-davinci-003":


Once
upon a time, there lived a thunderbolt, which was the source of power and might
to activate the Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 1 (S1PR1). The thunderbolt was
associated with a Cluster of Differentiation 69 (CD69), which was a negative
regulator of lymphocyte egress that would interact with S1PR1, and facilitate
its internalization and degradation. 

The relationship between the thunderbolt
and CD69 was mysterious and unclear, but soon enough it was revealed that CD69
would act in cis as a protein agonist of S1PR1. This was in order to promote the
Gi-dependent S1PR1 internalization, loss of S1P gradient sensing, and inhibition
of lymphocyte egress. 

The thunderbolt, however, was not the only weapon of
power in this world. A small but powerful umbrella was also added to the mix. It
was revealed that the transmembrane helix (TM) of one protomer of CD69 homodimer
would interact with the S1PR1-TM4, which would allosterically induce the
movement of S1PR1-TMs 5-6. This movement would directly activate the receptor to
engage the heterotrimeric Gi and the umbrella was there to protect it.
Mutations of key residues were at the interface were also able to affect the
interactions between CD69 and S1PR1. This, in turn, would reduce the receptor
internalization, but with the help of the thunderbolt and umbrella, the process
was successful and effective in the end. 

And so the thunderbolt and the
umbrella lived happily ever after, forever protecting the
Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 1 (S1PR1), and making sure it was able to do
its job of supporting and maintaining immunity and T cell effector activity.